Liss and Damien Chazelle whiplash is one
of my favorite movies of all time like
if I would have started this channel in
2014 you would have heard me talking
about that more than I've been talking
about searching this year if you haven't
seen it feel free to leave this video go
watch it and then tweet at me on how it
changed your life there was that a
second feature where you know I'm not
necessarily a Lala hater I actually
really do like that movie I still sing
the songs but it was still below
whiplash for me and now with this third
feature first man again another good one
jr. price but still below the other two
I know those movies building up to be
out of this world with Oscar buzz it's
actually kind of surprising that this is
the first big blockbuster about near
Armstrong because if you're like me most
of your moon landing info came from even
Stevens
[Music]
we went to the moon in 1969 1968 but the
year after I'm mad that I still know
that song I thought these years you know
that song I see you lacking that said
well I think that the first to thirst to
this movie dragged longer than actually
getting to the moon ozone knows how to
end his movies and he's got a third act
that you need to see an IMAX because
it's gonna blow your mind
but probably not as much as the dumb
controversy behind this movie would let
me explain so spoiler alert in case you
don't know anything about this movie
it's about how we landed on the moon
which I guess isn't a spoiler if you
believe that they hired Kubrick to do it
but the main focus on this one is Neil
Armstrong and his emotional drive to get
there and how he practically got used to
seeing people die around him starting
off with his daughter so he kind of like
ended up being the perfect man for the
job and while all the training stuff is
cool like that's what a majority of the
movie is just shots like this over and
over I think movies like the right stuff
and Apollo 13 do that a little bit
better so if you like the first
two-thirds of this movie definitely go
check out those but what's easily the
best part of the movie is that ending
because I'm telling you you cannot watch
this in a regular theater well I'm a
huge fan of IMAX my love for them is
bigger than their screen so when I was
originally watching this movie and the
entirety of it is cropped out like a
standard film I was like what is this it
wasn't until the third act where my man
pulls a freaking Wizard of Oz and the
entire display extends as they land on
the moon and it was freakin fantastic
that's not something that I can explain
right that's you had to go experience
that in theaters but what I can't
explain and break down is this
controversy around the movie because
they didn't show them plant the American
flag on the moon like they do show the
flag on the moon and like I said it's an
IMAX so you see it completely but people
are tweaking because they didn't see a
male physically inserted into a hole and
yeah this has been the year of dumb
reactions right
you had the Gaga fans writing negative
reviews for the venom movie and
vice-versa even though they're
completely different audiences people
were buying out solo tickets so other
people can't go see it because they
wanted a boycott but y'all were spending
and then fans think that star-lord did
something wrong when he never did but
this one is hilarious cuz the people
calling out the movie and saying that
it's unpatriotic kind of haven't seen
the movie because right after they land
on the moon not only do they show the
American flag hell they show an
interview clip with a lady practically
telling other countries to suck it
because America won after they land
friggin girl sounded like the candidate
running against Chris Rock for president
so it's just ironic because the people
complaining about it
ain't Joe ain't Joe supposed to be the
one calling other people snowflakes
y'all here cutting your own merchandise
and before y'all jump on me saying I'm
so one-sided I'm a cartoon I don't care
even the people who made this movie
tried a little too hard right because it
was very clear that they were trying to
bait a reaction
y'all obviously omitted a clip on
purpose and then it was you guys who
randomly talked about that clip before
the movie even went public because you
knew you wanted a reaction but when one
of the biggest statements from the
backlash of people calling a movie on
patriotic is well we didn't show it
because you know we uh we wanted to call
it a human achievement how like y'all
forget the whole point of the space race
was that it was a race yeah I even
talked about it in the movie the whole
reason why we were trying to get to the
moon was to beat out the Russians well
they even legit have a main character
who continuously prances in to talk
about what the human achievement should
have been to not have NASA headquarters
completely spend all of our tax dollars
on grown white men wanting to see whose
rocket was bigger and instead on the
poor people that we had in this country
and considering that none of us have
actually been back up there and they
didn't even bring back cheese when they
did i'ma call facts on that so to say
it's a human achievement is like winning
the Superbowl and then saying the other
31 teams deserve a piece of a long party
trophy
all of y'all tweakin thank you guys for
checking out this video i'm curious to
know your thoughts like I said some
people try to make controversy out of
anything but the point that I'm making
here is that even though there's one
side that's getting mad because the
scene was wasn't shown even though it
still shows a bunch of other patriotic
stuff is that even the people who made
the movie kind of baited that response
was this whole circle jerk in a sense of
people getting offended from each other
it's a little weird but in terms of the
movie like I said how am I supposed to
do what let me explain on a man went to
the moon
y'all know the story some of y'all don't
even believe it but for the most part
like I said it's a bunch of shaky POV
shots from the outside like it was on a
GoPro I personally feel the first
two-thirds feels like a bad 40 X right
in my opinion still like a movie like I
said that third act is fantastic but I'm
gonna tell you I think like the most
interesting parts are whenever they need
to recalculate and figure things out a
little bit better but that movies called
hidden figures so if you like this movie
definitely let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
Gosling will finally eat a cereal